Address comments from Eric V (#98)
ietf-tapswg/draft-ietf-taps-transport-security: draft-ietf-taps-transport-security.md

developed within the scope or context of the IETF. Outside of this candidate set, protocols
that do not offer new features are omitted. For example, newer protocols such as WireGuard make
unique design choices that have implications and limitations on application usage. In contrast,
protocols such as SSH {{?RFC4253}}, GRE {{?RFC2890}}, L2TP {{?RFC 5641}}, and ALTS {{ALTS}}
are omitted since they do not provide interfaces deemed unique.

Authentication-only protocols such as TCP-AO {{?RFC5925}} and IPsec Authentication Header (AH) {{?RFC4302}}
are excluded from this survey. TCP-AO adds authentication to long-lived TCP connections, e.g., replay

> protection  with per-packet Message Authentication Codes. (TCP-AO obsoletes TCP MD5 "signature"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
protection with per-packet Message Authentication Codes. (TCP-AO obsoletes TCP MD5 "signature"
```

options specified in {{?RFC2385}}.) One primary use case of TCP-AO is for protecting BGP connections.

> Similarly, AH adds per-datagram authenticationa and integrity, along with replay protection. Despite

Reviewer 2: nit: s/authenticationa/authentication/

> Similarly, AH adds per-datagram authenticationa and integrity, along with replay protection. Despite

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Similarly, AH adds per-datagram authentication and integrity, along with replay protection. Despite
```

these improvements, neither protocol sees general use and both lack critical properties important for emergent transport
security protocols, such as confidentiality and privacy protections. Such protocols are thus omitted from this survey.

> The protocols surveyed in this document are point-to-point protocols. Security of multicast protocols
> is not covered.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This document only surveys point-to-point protocols; multicast protocols are out of scope.
```
